---
layout: page
title:  Reading Section
permalink: /sections/reading
excerpt: This section helps its members to work on their reading skills by working on their pronunciation, punctuation etc. which are to be seriously taken into account in the process of learning any language.
images:
- assets/reading/gallery1.jpg
- assets/reading/gallery3.jpg
- assets/reading/gallery4.jpg
---

{% include gallery.html %}

## Welcome to {{page.title}} !

The Reading Section of Titigweti English Club helps the club's members to better their English skills through reading of books which is the main activity of the section. In the Section, we also help members to be self-confident while expressing themselves in front of a huge audience by pushing them practice repeatedly each activity during our sessions. We perform a diversity of activities to ensure interaction among our members, as well as the improvement of their skills.

#### Warm up
We usually start the section activities with a warming up, in order to allow the members to be focused during the session.

#### Legacy
We welcome newcomers by letting them introduce themselves to the ancient members.

#### Sharing
We deal with an activity called the Sharing of Knowledge, through which we share new expressions, verbs, phrasal verbs, proverbs, idiomatic expressions etc. that we encountered, learned and mastered among ourselves.

#### Writing
We have the reading of paragraphs. It means that all the members are asked to write a short paragraph using the expressions that we shared during the Sharing of Knowledge in order to retain those expressions easily and use them while speaking

#### Grammar
Grammar Lessons are also taught to the members to let them know and use the English language accurately while speaking and writing.

#### Collaboration
There is also an activity in which members are gathered into groups to discuss among them on a given topic so as to allow all of them to express their mind.

#### Debate
We sometimes have a debate session to help members communicate with the audience and to try to convince the audience on a given topic.

#### Pronunciation
We also deal with an activity through which we teach the correct pronunciation of words repeatedly to the members.

#### Games
We always have a game activity to entertain ourselves while using English for example, a spelling Bee.
