---
layout: page
title:  News Section
permalink: /sections/news
excerpt: In the News Section, we work on all aspects (reading, listening, writing, speaking) of learning English. We collect information, produce reports, and either broadcast it or offer news editions at recreational activities.
images:
- assets/news/gallery1.jpg
- assets/news/gallery2.jpg
- assets/news/gallery3.jpg
- assets/news/gallery4.jpg
---

{% include gallery.html %}

## Welcome to {{page.title}} !

As one of the core sections of Titigweti English Club, the News section primarily focuses on news broadcasting and newspaper's writing. We have a passion for journalism and we make it a goal to bring the most accurate information to our community. Throughout weekly activities, we offer our members a convenient environment to learn and improve their English language skills. What more, the news section is a perfect place where aspiring journalists are offered the possibility to bridge the gap between their communication skills and career dream. We help people hone their existing talents and bring hidden gift to life.

Being member of news section implies doing lot of speaking, practicing lot of listening along with news podcasts, developing strong reading and writing skills, which are mandatory requirements to become a successful news presenter.
The News section is a stepping stone for an outstanding career in Journalism.
For that, several activities are planned to empower English learners in the process of learning such a new language.

To list some of them we have:

<ul style="padding-left: 50px">
    <li>Writing a newspaper (a report)</li>
    <li>Saying or reading a newspaper</li>
    <li>Discussing current events</li>
    <li>Saying one's mind on current events or a specific topic mainly related to current events</li>
    <li>Dictation, reading and comprehension session</li>
    <li>Shadowing a native speaker</li>
    <li>Imitation program (where members imitate a native speaker)</li>
</ul>

Talking about writing a newspaper, we are used to writing five types of news mainly: Campus news, that focuses on current events on the campus; Nation news that focuses on news outside of the campus, but in our country; Africa news that puts emphasis on current events in any African countries; World news dealing with news outside of Africa, in Europe , America, etc and the last one Sport news which focuses on any sport activity in our country as well as anywhere in the world.

All those kinds of news are presented most of the time during our General Meetings (GM) which is an opportunity that we seize to INFORM (NEWSCASTING, INTERVIEWS, THE GUEST…) TEACH (THE LESSON FROM THE CURRENT EVENT, DOCUMENTARY on any domain…) and ENTERTAIN sometimes (MUSIC DESK).

In this section, not only will the members be able to speak a good English (use the right words in the right moment and in the right way) but also master public speaking and speak like a newscaster. Skills that members acquire unconsciously through hard work are GOOD ACCENT (intonation, rythm, stress and the most important aspect of accent that is pronunciation) FLUENCY and ACCURACY.

Knowing that human being can learn faster while having fun we are used to kicking off  our schedule with tongue twisters and wake up the members’ spirit with some games. People that have journalism as hobby usually join this section and after only few months are able to say (read) a newspaper.

Both members and heads are called to be exact and more realistic on their performances. News Section of Titigweti English Club feeds its members with a lot of skills and abilities that lead them to speak naturally like Newscasters.
